Can you hear me?
Do you think you deserve any respect?
That was always your biggest problem.
Yeah. OK. Awesome.
How's your morning going? Good.
Pretty good. I'm about to have lunch too,
Oh, so far so good. How is yours?
Will you see me eat? I'm so sorry.
I I thought I turned off my camera.
so not too bad. Yeah.
So when I came back, I was like, wait,
I thought I turned off my camera.
No, you're good. No, you're good.
Thank you to everyone for joining the
milestone today.
We'll just give it another minute or so.
It looks like most of you so far from
Team 2.
Would Team 2 like to kick us off when we
do get started?
Sure, we can get started.
Sounds good. Thank you.
No problem.
Let me share my screen real quick and.
Yeah. And just to kick things off,
this is our milestone presentation for
milestone two. Wait, milestone.
Milestone one. I'm sorry. Yes, yes, ma'am.
Milestone one, yes.
Milestone one.
So you guys will give your presentation
and then we'll close with questions from
Ricky.
Do you have any questions before we get
started?
Uh, Ricky.
No, I do not.
OK, sounds good.
I'm just going to share my screen.
Hey, Madhu,
I I don't think we're hearing any audio.
Oh, you all are not able to hear me.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
I thought we were holding on for a minute.
Special.
No, I I didn't hear anything.
About.
We can hear you,
but the audio from the presentation
wasn't playing.
Oh, hold on. Let me see what happened.
There's didn't is anything going on.
I think I need to open it up in
PowerPoint instead of the browser.
Let me.
Jeffrey, if you don't mind,
would you would you mind sharing the
screen and show the presentation?
Sure, happy to.
I don't know what happened with this one.
Yeah, sorry about that everybody.
We have some team members not able to
Yes.
join,
so we pre-recorded the slides and we're
going to play that for you,
but feel free to interrupt us and ask any
questions along the way.
Um, I can really hear you.
Were you able to hear that, Ricky?
Nope, I didn't hear anything.
Would a team member be able to just give
us synopsis of what was said there on
that slide?
Sorry about that. Yeah,
Jerry was one of the ones who couldn't
attend, so his portion was pre-recorded.
Seems like it had a a volume level issue
Boom. OK.
there.
Can somebody sum up what he said?
I I didn't hear it.
If you all don't know exactly, it's OK.
We can kind of fill in the blanks.
Yeah,
he was essentially just describing what
we see here on the slide,
the different different aspects of of the
Oh, OK. OK.
documentation.
Okay, no problem. Thank you.
Sure.
Oh.
Thank you very much.
Any questions from Ricky?
I currently I wouldn't say so.
The this presentation I don't think was
the best because a lot of it,
I couldn't hear it.
So I don't even like I seen how they did
it, but.
I can't really give too much feedback,
just not knowing everything,
so I currently don't have anything to add.
Sounds good.
Do you have anything that you'd rather
than go back over or review from the
presentation?
Honestly the the process of the
application.
So what what is the application currently
on?
Where are you develop developing the
application at?
So what are our our development systems
you mean?
Yes.
So it's running in portable containers,
so we each have a copy on our own
machines.
So as we work on our individual pieces,
we do that testing and development work
on our container and then we can upload
those changes into a.
A shared repository out on GitHub.
So like,
I don't know if that fully answered my
question,
so I'm gonna try to maybe reword it.
And if it did, OK,
when you do the handoff,
what would I need?
Like some people do Microsoft and they do
Power Apps.
What like what would I need?
I would need GitHub to get that.
No,
so we would we'll provide the the final
code.
You just need a a machine that could run
the Docker software,
which all the setup instructions will be
included in the user documentation.
Which machine are you referring to?
It could be a Windows machine,
a Linux machine,
just any any workstation or server that
can run the code.
OK.
Does that make sense?
Should we discuss that later to clarify
that,
or do you have a good idea of what that
entails?
No, I don't know what that entails. Um,
if they would like,
they can talk to me about it later.
OK, that sounds good.
Any other questions before we move on to
Team 2 or Team One?
All right. And we'll send you that.
We'll set some time to discuss that and
also send you an overview of the
presentation as well. Thank you very much,
Thank you.
Team Two. Team One, you can go now.
Thank you.
Taylor, I have a question for you.
Yeah, that's uh, you can go ahead.
Which team just presented?
Was that team two or was it team one?
That may have been team one since we're
team two. OK, yeah, absolutely.
We we were actually team one, yeah.
OK, great. Can continue to go.
I'm sorry about that.
No problem.
I just wanted to make sure I heard team
one. I was like, wait a second, I got you.
All right,
give me one second while I share my
screen for the document.
Let me know if you can see my screen.
Yes, we can.
Alright,
for today we'll be covering milestone 1
requirements and workflow design.
On this document we'll be covering the
requirements which include the user's
role, the intake workflow diagrams,
form inventory and validation rules.
Storage enemy conventions and a weekly
report definition.
I'll let Mia start off with the user
roles.
OK, hi, I'm Mia.
So for our this section is mostly about
user roles and permission.
So for the first role it will be like the
intake staff or the counselor.
So this person will sit with the patient,
they'll log in, pull up the patient's.
Information through their Medisoft
patient ID, never by their name,
and they'll work through the required
forms together with the patient on the
screen. They'll fill out, you know,
all the fields and all the signatures
that then the system is auto saving as
they go.
After that,
the forms will be done and the app will
export all the PDFs to SharePoint and
then walk them through exactly how to
link those documents into Metasoft.
After that,
we'll come back to the app and confirm
it's done. And through that confirmation,
it closes out the intake packet.
Um, for restrictions, um,
they can't like touch finalized documents
and then also other counselors. Um,
they can't see other counselors,
patients and they have no access to any
other setting Uh system settings.
Um for this role to the administrator,
this person Um.
Mostly won't like they'll never conduct
intake sessions.
Their job is to keep like the system
configured correctly and you know,
monitor what's happening through like the
company and like the organization across
the organization. Um,
they manage the form.
Templates and you know,
set the SharePoint storage path and edit
the like the instructions counselor see
during the Minisoft like blinking and
through that they received the automated
weekly report. They're also the ones who.
5.
Set up staff accounts and then now I'm
gonna pass it to Anthony to talk about
the next section.
Thank you, Mia. For this section,
I'll be going over a brief overview of
the intake workflow diagrams.
I'm going to start off with the first
diagram,
which is the intake workflow itself.
This diagram covers the form validation
process during.
A creation and a submission of a form.
You can see from very start to end of
creation of form all the way until when
the form is submitted.
Moving on to the next diagram,
this will be the intake state machine.
This is what the back end will go through
as the form process is created and
submitted.
The back end will validate any duplicates
or check if there's any errors in the
database,
such as a form already existing or.
The form is not completed before it could
be submitted and copied over into
SharePoint.
I'll pass it over for the form inventory
and validation rules to Denise.
Hello.
So out of the 14 unique forms that we
have,
there are some different validations that
you know occurred just general so that we
make sure that all inputs are filled out
before they're marked as completed.
So just some general rules.
All the required fields mostly completed
with before submission.
Obviously remove all the trailing white
spaces,
remove before and after in order to have
correct data within our own personal
database and then.
Character limits are enforced.
Obviously validation errors are displaced
clearly if the user prior to submission,
and then the the submission must be
blocked until all validation errors are
resolved to ensure proper form submission.
And the conditional validation rules,
I believe that's something I had deleted
prior.
You might have downloaded the document
beforehand,
but those don't really apply for our
specific unique 14 forms.
Thank you, Denise.
We'll move on to the storage and naming
convention section, which I'll have, uh,
Sydney cover.
So for the storage and naming conventions,
this is really important to prevent
duplicates,
and preventing duplicates is really
important to make sure that the program
runs correctly.
So the digital intake management platform
is designed to support the.
The workflow tracking and storage of each
form and we want to make sure everything
is saved.
So we're going to separate this by the
application database and the SharePoint
storage platform.
So the application database,
it stores data needed to run the workflow
which.
That would include the intake of the
session status and timestamps of each
application,
and this would be stored into the
Methosoft patient ID as the primary
reference key that we use to track each
patient.
For the SharePoint storage platform,
it will store the finalized form as a PDF
document and that will be saved in the
SharePoint library and that's where all
of the completed paperwork documents will
be finalized and stored.
As I said before,
to prevent the file conflicts,
the system will use a specific SharePoint
structure based on the patient ID,
and since the patient ID cannot be
duplicated,
it's a really good way to make sure that
all exported PDFs.
AFS will follow a consistent naming
scheme.
So for example the Carelink digital
intake form or the patient ID you can see
that I add the patient ID will be added
towards the end.
So and basically with this you can see
that if there's a duplicate,
it will not be able to be re uploaded
again.
They'll just edit the document that
already exists. On the other hand,
if the document doesn't already exist,
we can proceed with uploading.
And adding a new document to the system.
So now I'm going to pass the weekly
report definition section over to success.
All right. Thank you, Sydney.
So this section defines the weekly
operational report that the system would
generate,
and the purpose of the report is to give
administrators clear visibility into how
the intake process is progressing and
also to identify any incomplete or
delayed paperwork.
The report summarizes the intake session
activity for the reporting period,
usually a set period of seven days.
It includes the total number of intake
sessions created,
and it also shows how many are currently
marked as either completed,
linked in Metasoft, or in progress.
These status counts will help the
administrators to quickly understand
where the sections are in the workflow
workflow rather. In addition,
the report list patient IDs associated
with incomplete intake packets and it
provides a breakdown of misinforms by
their type.
This allows the administrators to see not
just that something is incomplete,
but also exactly which forms are missing.
It also calculates the average time from
session creation to completion,
and this helps measure the intake
efficiency and to identify potential
workflow delays.
The report is automatically generated
once per week and is delivered to a
preconfigured administrative e-mail
address and is exportable in both CSV and
PDF format for further review or for
record keeping.
Yeah, that's it.
Thank you guys.
This concludes the milestone one
presentation for Team One.
If there's any questions,
the floor is open.
Um, I currently don't have any questions.
All right. Thank you, Rikney.
No problem.
Hello. Hey guys, this is Ala.
Sorry I joined late.
Taylor told me that Ricky,
you have some questions about the GitHub
repository and code sharing.
Yeah, I was. Yeah, I do.
OK, so let me clarify.
So once the students are done,
they have to give you and share with you
everything that they have developed.
Not just the documents,
but actually the actual system.
okay
OK, um, OK.
So every program, it has a source code,
right?
It's not just the the actual working
application,
it's what's behind the scenes so that you
can continue building and view on your
organization.
So the best way to give this to you is to
give you an access to the place where all
this code is sitting on the network,
on the like in the Internet, OK.
I I didn't understand that.
OK, so the students write program.
Whatever they demonstrated to you right
now, there will be a software.
There will be a software program and
application which will do all the things
for you.
There will be a web application.
They're building a program for you.
Yeah, no.
OK, yeah, I just. I'm sorry,
I don't see you and which is a problem.
But I should switch on my camera.
I don't see you,
so I don't know if you can hear.
Yes, I can hear you.
OK, thank you. So this program,
in order to share it with you,
they need to somehow share the program
with you that they developed, right?
So the way they will do it,
GitHub is nothing, but it's like,
you know, OneDrive.
I know what GitHub is. I do.
OK. So what was the question though?
I'm. I'm kind of. I don't know.
You kind of. I didn't ask the question.
You just kind of came in here and just
start talking.
No, uh,
Taylor told me that you had questions
About.
about GitHub and how the code.
I didn't understand. You know, I didn't.
I I didn't have a question about GitHub.
I wanted to know what was the application
that they were using.
He told me a Windows machine or something
of that nature,
and I was unaware of what he meant by
that.
And so I was confused.
Sorry about that,
because Taylor said that you you needed.
I'm sorry,
I thought you wanted help with like the
final handoff.
I thought you had questions about the
No, I know we're not there yet.
handoff at the end.
OK, OK.
So the students are currently their
program from what I know and guys from
the first team, please keep me honest,
we provisioned a server for you here at
KSU.
Sorry, I had to find my mute button. No.
So we're we're using Docker containers on
our own machines.
We didn't use the KSU server.
So once you share all the deliverables,
because it's it's a Docker,
Ricky will be able to, you know,
to to put it anywhere, right?
Yeah,
that would be the the most portable would
be just to to use those Docker images,
but it could also just be run as bare,
you know, web server code.
OK, So what was the Ricky?
So does it answer your question?
I really don't understand.
So what I think is best for me is to kind
of just wait for them to kind of maybe
meet me at like the next milestone or so.
And then when they do that,
I can kind of see them.
No, no, let's.
Can you please just ask a question again
because we, I think we we're answering it.
There is a small disconnect that we can
address.
Um, I just I don't have a question.
I'm good. I'm good.
OK, guys.
So I guess you will be able to to take it
to move it forward and your meeting next
week, right?
Sound good.
OK, sounds good.
So our next meeting will actually be
OK, thank you. So next meeting.
Right.
Yes.
scheduled for 310,
I believe that is spring break.
So if we could have a meeting next week
instead,
that would actually be pretty good on a.
Oh.
3/6.
Yes.
Does that sound good?
I'm I'm sorry,
I I'm I'm looking at my calendar.
That should be fine.
All right, cool. Sounds good.
So we'll have one on 3/6 and then the
next one will be on three.
27 Is that too large of a gap?
That's like a three-week gap between
meetings. Is that OK?
That's fine with me.
OK, sounds good.
Hi, I'm Denise.
I had one question regarding the
Hmm.
Yes.
development because we haven't started
our development yet.
We were just doing the deliverable one.
So I had kind of a similar question,
but it was based on so we're building a
React app. That's what I know.
Alla just mentioned the server,
which is something I hadn't heard of.
Are we deploying?
This React app to a URL that's on a
specific server or domain?
Or are we building more like a
progressive web app where you can like
download it on any device?
'Cause either of those would be built in
React, but they would, I guess,
be deployed in different ways.
And I don't know if Alla is still here.
Actually,
my question was mostly targeted to Alla.
Oh, can you repeat the question?
I'm sorry.
Yes,
my question was that I know we're
building a React application.
Will this be like a web hosted
application and then we built we deploy
this onto a specific domain or whatever
server Alla mentioned that we're provided
with or will this be more like a
progressive web application that we can
download?
On any specific type of device or
operating system.
Oh, and like I said,
this was mainly targeted.
This question was towards Alla.
I think she's still on this call.
Yeah, I'm sorry. We we couldn't hear you.
I'm so sorry.
Do you mind repeating it again the last
time? We can hear you perfectly now.
OK, OK, great. No problem.
So you would like me to repeat the entire
Yes, so.
question again?
Yes, please. Sorry.
OK, no problem. So my question was,
I know that we're building a React
application.
Are we deploying this as a hosted web
application like at a specific domain or
are we building something more like a
progressive web application that can be
downloaded on any?
Operating device.
Could you hear me then?
Yes, we can hear you. And the answer is,
you know,
basically it's up to your sponsor.
So Ricky,
do you have any preference on how I think
progressive is probably it makes more
sense, but Ricky,
do you know how you're going to post this
application?
Basically,
would you like to access it from a
website or would you like to have an
application downloaded on whatever device
or tablets that you have at the office?
I I mean, honestly, either or would work.
I just wanted to know. So I mean.
We don't have tablets that act in it,
so we use our desktops. Um.
So I guess I would just say like maybe a
browser.
OK, that works. Thank you so much. Oh.
more accessible. Thank you.
So, Jakey, oh, here,
let let me ask you this way, Jakey.
I can't really hear you.
So yeah, so can we put it?
Do you want to put this application on
one of your office computers?
Or it will run somewhere on the cloud and
your office computers will access it.
Can you repeat that question again,
please?
OK OK so this application think about it
like a client and the server.
So the clients is the is the front end
that all the counselors will access from
their desktops.
But there is like also a centralized part
where all the database and.
that's not seats.
So do you want the centralized part to be
on the cloud or will it sit on one of
your office machines?
Well, you mean office machines?
Are you talking about like computers?
Yes, yes.
So usually it's it's it will sit on the
desktop.
OK, Dennis, I I think, yeah,
I think you know you guys decide because
Does that answer?
either way when you hand off,
I think the web,
I think the second option will probably
works work best because this way the the
handoff is cleaner.
Or does it make sense or is it not the
case?
Yeah, so just for clarification,
so you want this to be built as like an
app just on your on your computer that
you could access.
Maybe like the application of Teams or
the application of like Safari or
something.
Something that you can like look up on
your computer and then you just open it
from there, right? Not like a website.
Yeah, but Denise,
but how will you handle the fact that
there are three or four different
counselors that that will work with the
same app at the same time?
I see. Yes, that is a constraint.
Which is still OK, right? Because again,
there is a difference between front end
and the back end.
Stephan has has probably an answer.
I I think it may be easiest to somehow
get it to like a website on a server so
we can just go to www.whatever.
com and then everyone can kind of access
the same thing.
We don't have to worry about, you know,
downloading it on everyone's machines.
Just that one centralized place for
everyone to, you know, handle things.
Yes, and I think this is yes.
And then the hosting can be like for your
I agree.
purposes.
You can host it locally on your machines
just for the demonstration and then the
future Ricky will be able to decide.
Where it will run?
Will it work?
Yes.
Thank you.
Mhm.
Thank you so much for that answer.
Thank you. And just one last question.
So we said 3/3, which is next week.
Would it be more or less beneficial to
schedule it the week after spring break
on the 20th instead?
You guys have a preference?
If I can put an input,
I think the week after the 27th would be
Oh.
fine.
OK, cool.
So I'll schedule it for Uh 320 and then
the following week, which is 3/27,
I believe that that's milestone too,
just as an update.
I'm sorry,
are you talking about like the meeting?
Sounds good.
Yeah, the meeting.
So instead of doing 3/6,
you want to do 320 and 327?
Mhm, yes.
Would would that work for you to give the
teams a bit more time to have something
prepared for the next meeting?
Yeah, but 327 is not good for me.
OK,
then we can do 2 weeks after most likely
and I'll send out an update on the
calendar.
OK, but the 20th is good. OK,
the 20th is good though, however.
OK, cool. Sounds good.
OK. Thank you. Yes.
Excuse me, Taylor.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Can you repeat that one more time or post
it in the chat and then I'll just share
it with my team. OK. Thank you.
Yeah, I'm gonna post it in the chat,
but right now it's 3:20 and then 4/3 as
the next two meetings.
3/28.
Okay, got it. Thank you, Taylor.
No problem.
OK.
Thank you so much for joining and see you
next time. Have a good break. Thank you,
Ricki as well.
You as well, of course, anytime, hold on.
Thank you. You as well.